(in no particular order...)

Put all of this into CVS on SourceForge

Types, types, and more types.

Code audit: check types and add specialization pragmas

Work on the TODOs listed in the source files

Partial pivoting for LU

Test Numeric.Statistics.Moment

Implement Numeric.Statistics.Chisq

The rest of NRiC chapter 13

NRiC chapter 14

Speedup for Numeric.Statistics.Median.median frp, Knuth/NRiC

More random distributions. We can possibly borrow the definitions from
GSL, but we need to be careful about the conventions.

Add pdf and cdf functions to the files in Numeric.Random.Distribution

FFI to GSL

Polynomial: inflation and deflation ala NRiC, division ala Knuth

Approximation: rational functions, continued fractions

Use pole/zero representation for intermediate results for IIR
functions.

Double and triple check that the documentation and conventions are
consistent for the sign of the poles in all of the IIR routines.

Double check that all of the functions in DSP.Filter.IIR.IIR produce correct
results.

Rework random framwork to seperate and unify generators,
distributions, and spectral shaping.

Sliding Goertzel algorithm.

Rework polynomial interpolator interface

Make the windowed FIR routines (Taps,Window) a bit more generic, and
work from continuous time formulas and have a function that samples
them.

DF2T version of iir in DSP.Filter.IIR.IIR

DSP I/O library

Fast FIR (both overlap-and-add and overlap-and-save)

FFI to FFTW

Parks-McClellan FIR design

Marsaglia and Tsang's ziggurat method

Continuous-time responses (both freq domain and time domain)

Homomorphic framework

Minimum phase FIR design / transformation

Elliptic IIR design functions (requires FFI to ellf/GSL library, or
translation of ellf/GSL code)

METEOR FIR design

Frequency sampling FIR design

Rest of methods from Kay:
  AR RMLE method
  ARMA Akaike method
  ARMA MYWE method
  ARMA LS-MYWE method
  ARMA Mayne-Firoozan method
  MVSE method

Frequency estimation routines needing eigenvector package

Tribolet's phase unwrapping algorithm

Gnuplot interface

Fixed-point class and/or functions

Finish and test polyphase functions

Framework for approximation functions from Hart

Additional pinking methods

Additional colors of noise

List optimization in functions
